About us
Trans-Tel Central, Inc. was established 1974 and has 40+ years of continuous operating history under the same ownership. The Company has grown under the leadership of founders Jack & Jane Morgan from a small subcontractor for Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. to a nationally recognized, woman-owned contracting firm successfully performing CONUS and OCONUS government and commercial work. Winning awards from such companies as Boeing, AT&T, and Northrop Grumman, the Company has built a reputation for on-time contract performance and quality in highly sensitive and secure environments – military bases, Federal and State Government campuses, hospital complexes, refineries, chemical plants, and educational campuses.

Trans-Tel Central, Inc. is a SBA Designated Small Business. It’s primary business is core IT infrastructure design, engineering, and installation of systems and architecture incorporating Internet broadband, fiber optic, telecommunications, data, network, security, and video surveillance systems. Services include consultation, analysis, design, turnkey deployment and long-term service and maintenance of the systems provided. Trans-Tel Central, Inc. also provides end-to-end security and asset protection solutions for government installations and commercial clients utilizing the latest technologies with a vast array of capabilities including video surveillance, access control, intrusion detection, digital signage, GIANT Voice, perimeter defense, and low voltage offerings.


What We do:
Trans-Tel’s central focus is core IT infrastructure design, engineering, and installation of systems and architecture incorporating internet broadband, fiber optic, telecommunications, data, network, security, and video surveillance systems. Services include engineering, design, consultation, analysis, turnkey deployment, and long-term service and maintenance of the systems provided. Trans-Tel also provides end-to-end security and asset protection solutions for government installations and commercial clients utilizing the latest technologies with a vast array of capabilities including video surveillance, access control, intrusion detection, digital signage, GIANT Voice, perimeter defense, and low voltage offerings.



Communications Experts!!
Telecom Services for: Federal, State, Municipal and Commercial
“Quality is the highest priority of this company. Our promise to our customers is that the quality of our performance will never be compromised.”

Our focus, Our Mission
Trans-Tel is the right company to partner with to complete contracts on budget, on time, with the technical and management expertise today’s mission critical demands require.
In the words of founder Jack Morgan, “Quality is the highest priority of this company. Our promise to our customers is that the quality of our performance will never be compromised.”


HOME
Services
Past Performance
Teaming and Partners
About
Contact US
Careers
PHone number: 1-800-729-4636
